---
layout: post
title: "I co-founded Confidential Technolgies"
author: Dominik Schürmann
date: 2018-06-25
slug: cotech
aliases:
    - "/2018/06/25/cotech.html"
---

With the friendly support of TU Braunschweig, I co-founded [Confidential Technologies GmbH](https://www.cotech.de) together with Vincent Breitmoser and Leif Scheppelmann.

Years before this founding, the open source software OpenKeychain was developed and maintained by me. Vincent Breitmoser has ensured a seamless integration into the popular e-mail client K-9 Mail. Confidential Technologies builds on this knowledge and an OpenPGP-compatible library of cryptographic methods is already under development.

The widespread and proven OpenPGP standard allows, among other things, the use of smart cards. This is already possible with OpenKeychain. It allows cryptographic keys to be secured on external hardware. We like the idea: With Contactless Confidiential we have launched our first product. Contactless Confidential is a "Secure Volume" on the smartphone. All private data can be stored safely in it. Access is only possible with this card. Contactless Confidential will be available for free on the Google Play Store. The aim is to test whether there is a market for smart cards for private customers and small businesses. Of course, there are some challenges that need to be overcome when developing a security app, but we would like to start the experiment - especially because we can build such products very easily with our software library.

Besides software products, we offer a range of [consulting services for security research and development](https://www.cotech.de/services/).
